Bean and Sweet Potato Veggie Enchiladas
Ingredients:
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 large sweet potatoes
1 teaspoon kosher salt, divided
1 tbsp taco seasoning
1 (15-oz) can black beans or pinto beans, drained and rinsed
4 tablespoons cream cheese
1 cup shredded cheder cheese
1 (4-oz) can mild diced green chiles
1 [5-oz] can red enchilada sauce
12 corn tortillas gently warmed
0 avocado
0 cilantro
0 salsa
0 sour cream
Directions:
1.  Heat the oven to 350F.
2.  Add the olive oil and a pinch of salt to each sweet potato.
3.  Cover a baking sheet with foil and roast the Sweet Potatoes for about 60 minutes, or until very tender. Take out of the oven and let cool.
4.  Peel the skin (which should come off easily once roasted) and lightly mash the cooled sweet potatoes in a bowl.
5.  Meanwhile, begin the filling by adding the black beans, cream cheese, 1/2 cup cheese, green chiles, and 1/4 cup enchilada sauce and taco seasoning in a large bowl. Lightly mash about half of the beans, then stir until all the ingredients are well combined.
6.  Transfer the mashed sweet potatoes to the bowl containing the black bean mixture, scrapping any bits left in the baking dish. Stir until well combined.
7.  To the same baking dish, pour about a cup enchilada sauce. Dip both sides of each tortilla into the sauce, stacking each dipped tortilla on a plate.
8.  If the pan is dry after dipping the tortillas, add a bit more enchilada sauce to the bottom of the pan.
9.  Fill each dipped tortilla with about 3 heaping spoonfuls of the black bean and sweet potato filling. Roll tightly, then nestle into the pan.
10.  Top with the remaining enchilada sauce. If freezing, hold off on sprinkling with shredded cheese.
11.  Cover with foil.
12.  If planning to eat right away, bake for 30 minutes or until bubbling around the edges. Remove the foil and bake for an additional 15 minutes or until the cheese is golden brown.
13.  If freezing, press foil to eliminate air, then put in a freezer zip lock bag and date. Pull out of freezer and put in fridge 1-2 days before planning to bake. Optionally let rest on counter 1-2 hours before putting in oven. Add cheese right before baking and bake as instructed above.
14.  Serve with toppings of your choice.
Freezer in pan. Cover with foil and seal in zip lock or plastic bag. Freezer for up to 3 months.
Cook directly from frozen to help tortillas hold shape. Cook at 425 for 40 minutes with foil. Then remove foil, check temperature, and cook for another 10 - 20 minutes until hot.